Docs 8014 pm roles setup (#84)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/setup.adoc

* Mule runtime engine (Mule) 4.2.2 or later (for On-Premises only).

* Keep the default deployment of message flows to CloudHub (for information on CloudHub settings, refer to xref:cloudhub-deploy-options.adoc[CloudHub Deployment Options], or deploy to your own hosted on-premise Mule runtime, by clicking *Stop deploying to CloudHub* and going to  xref:deploy-onpremise.adoc[Deploy On-Premises for Partner Manager]).

> * The Partner Manager Administrator role that assigns permission levels for all users who need access to B2B message flows in their environment (Production or  Sandbox).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Partner Manager Administrator role that assigns permission levels for all users who need access to B2B message flows in their environment (production or sandbox)
```

Author: Fixed.

> === Parter Manager Roles

Reviewer: Is this text about naming and describing "roles" or "levels of access"?
Most of the following items do not look like role names, but look more like levels that should not be capitalized as if they were names.
If these are labels in the syntax, then they should be enclosed in ` `.

> These levels of roles can be assigned to your Partner Manager users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can assign your Partner Manager users the following roles:
```

Author: Fixed.

> *  Partner Manager Administrator has full permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Partner Manager Administrator 
Has full permissions
```

Author: Fixed.

> * View Host, Partners and Message Flows has view-only access to the host, partner, and message flow configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* View Host, Partners, and Message Flows
Has view-only access to the host, partner, and message flow configurations; cannot view transaction activity
```

Author: Fixed.

Cannot view Transactions activity.

> 

Reviewer: See above.

> * Manage Partners and Message Flows can create, modify, and delete partners or message flow configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Manage Partners and Message Flows
Can create, modify, and delete partners or message flow configurations; can view host partner configurations but cannot view transaction activity
```

Author: Fixed.

Can view the host partner configurations, but cannot view Transactions activity.

> 

Reviewer: See above.

> * Manage Activity can view and manage transaction activity, but cannot view or modify either partner or message flow configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Manage Activity
Can view and manage transaction activity, but cannot view or modify either partner or message flow configurations
```

Author: Fixed.

> * Manage Host can create, modify, and delete host configurations,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Manage Host
Can create, modify, and delete host configurations
```

Author: Fixed.

but cannot view or modify trading partner configurations or activity.

> This is also true for Partner Manager Settings under Access Management (when the user also has the Org Admin role).

Reviewer: What "is also true"? That the MH role can? cannot?

Reviewer: Where is Org Admin role described?

> * View Activity has view-only access to transaction activity, and cannot view or modify either partner or message flow configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* View Activity
Has view-only access to transaction activity and cannot view or modify either partner or message flow configurations.
```

Author: Fixed.
